Story 0 Summary: mr sherlock holmes' adventures opened quite abruptly or so dramatically as that which i associate with the three gables. he had no idea of the new channel into which his activities had been directed. holmes asked holmes raised his pipe with a languid smile oh its fine is it growled the savage it wont be so damn fine if i have to trim you up a
Story 1 Summary: arthur conan doyle is the author of the adventure of the three garridebs arthur conan doyle. holmes refused a knighthood for services which may perhaps some day be described. watson said he has ever heard the name of garrideb. he cried in amazement this is a different initial.
Story 2 Summary: arthur conan doyle's adventure of the brucepartington plans arthur conan doyle in the third week of november in the year number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number
Story 3 Summary: the boscombe valley mystery the five orange pips the man with the twisted lip the adventure of the blue carbuncle the adventure of the engineers thumb the adventure of the copper beeches the reigate squires the crooked man the resident patient the greek interpreter the naval treaty the final problem the return of sherlock holmes the adventure of the empty house the adventure of the norwood builder the adventure of
Story 4 Summary: arthur conan doyle has chosen a few typical cases which illustrate the remarkable mental qualities of her friend sherlock holmes. holmes is left in the dilemma that he must sacrifice details which are essential to his statement and so give a false impression of the problem or he must use matter which chance and not choice has provided him with.
Story 5 Summary: the casebook of sherlock holmes arthur conan doyle table of contents preface the illustrious client the blanched soldier the adventure of the three gables the adventure of the three garridebs the problem of thor bridge the adventure of the lions mane the adventure of the veiled lodger the adventure of shoscombe old place. holmes made his debut in a study in scarlet
Story 6 Summary: charles augustus milverton arthur conan doyle is the king of all the blackmailers heaven help the man and still more the woman whose secret and reputation come into the power of milverton with a smiling face and a heart of marble he will squeeze and squeeze until he has drew. milverton is the king of all the blackmailers heaven help the man and still more the woman whose secret
Story 7 Summary: sherlock holmes arthur conan doyle table of contents a study in scarlet the sign of the four the adventures of sherlock holmes a scandal in bohemia the redheaded league a case of identity the boscombe valley mystery the five orange pips the man with the twisted lip the adventure of the blue carbuncle the adventure of the engineers thumb the adventure of the copper beeches the reigate
Story 8 Summary: the adventure of the copper beeches arthur conan doyle to the man who loves art for its own sake remarked sherlock holmes tossing aside the advertisement sheet of the daily telegraph. the adventure of the copper beeches arthur conan doyle to the man who loves art for its own sake remarked sherlock holmes tossing aside the advertisement sheet of the daily telegraph
Story 9 Summary: arthur conan doyle mr sherlock holmes was always of opinion that he should publish the singular facts connected with professor presbury if only to dispel once for all the ugly rumours which agitated the university. the true history of this curious case remained entombed in the tin box which contains so many records of my friends adventures now we have at last obtained permission to ventilate the facts which
Story 10 Summary: arthur conan doyle was seated by his own hearth smoking a last pipe and nodding over a novel for my days work. the crooked man was seated by his own hearth smoking a last pipe and smoked for some time in silence. he was well aware that nothing but business of importance would have brought him to me at such an hour so he waited patiently until he should come to me.
Story 11 Summary: arthur conan doyle holmes was seated for some hours in silence with his long thin back curved over a chemical vessel in which he was brewing a particularly malodorous product his head was sunk upon his breast and he looked from my point of view like a strange lank bird. watson said he suddenly you do not propose to invest in south african securities.
Story 12 Summary: arthur conan doyle was a student at the college of st lukes in st lukes. sherlock holmes was pursuing some laborious researches in early english chartersresearches. mr holmes was a tall spare man of a nervous and excitable temperament but on this particular occasion he was in such a state of uncontrollable agit
Story 13 Summary: dr moore agar of harley street whose dramatic introduction to holmes i may some day recount gave positive injunctions that the famous private agent lay aside all his cases and surrender himself to complete rest if he wished to avert an absolute breakdown. dr moore agar of harley street whose dramatic introduction to holmes i may some day recount gave positive injunctions
Story 14 Summary: sherlock holmes was the landlady of the dying detective arthur conan doyle mrs hudson the landlady of sherlock holmes. sherlock holmes was a longsuffering woman. her firstfloor flat was invaded at all hours by throngs of singular and often undesirable characters. her remarkable lodger showed an eccentricity and irregularity in his
Story 15 Summary: ronald adair was murdered in the spring of the year by arthur conan doyle. the crime came out in the police investigation but a good deal was suppressed upon that occasion. the case for the prosecution was so strong that it was not necessary to bring forward all the facts only now at the end of nearly ten years am i allowed to supply those missing links which make up the whole of that remarkable chain the crime was of
Story 16 Summary: mr hatherleys thumb arthur conan doyle had a problem with his friend mr sherlock holmes during the years of our intimacy. holmes was cured of a painful and lingering disease and was never weary of advertising his virtues. he was awakened by the maid tapping at the door to announce that two men had come from paddington and were waiting in the consultingroom
Story 17 Summary: arthur conan doyle says he has a perversion of the facts it lies with him to tell for the first time what really took place between professor moriarty and mr sherlock holmes. the last is as i shall now show an absolute perversion of the facts it lies with me to tell for the first time what really took place between mr sherlock holmes and professor moriarty.
Story 18 Summary: arthur conan doyle's notes and records of the sherlock holmes cases between the years number number and number number show strange and interesting features. he finds an account of the adventure of the paradol chamber of the amateur mendicant society who held a luxurious club in the lower vault of a furniture warehouse. he is tempted to give some account of it in spite of the fact that there are points in connection with it
Story 19 Summary: the gloria scott arthur conan doyle i have some papers here said my friend sherlock holmes as we sat one winters night on either side of the fire. this is the message which struck justice of the peace trevor dead with horror when he read it he picked from a drawer a little tarnished cylinder and undoing the tape he handed me a short note
Story 20 Summary: holmes sat together in silence in a recent treatise upon surgery outside the wind howled down baker street while the rain beat fiercely against the windows. he engaged with a powerful lens deciphering the remains of the original inscription upon a palimpsest i deep in a recent treatise upon surgery outside the wind howled down baker street while the rain beat fiercely against the windows. hol
Story 21 Summary: arthur conan doyle was an orphan with no relatives living in england. he was an orphan with no relatives living but he began to talk to me about his brother. his brother mycroft possesses it in a larger degree than is natural to their class. he said he can't agree with those who rank modesty among the virtues to the logic.
Story 22 Summary: the hound of the baskervilles arthur conan doyle table of contents mr sherlock holmes the curse of the baskervilles the problem sir henry baskerville three broken threads baskerville hall the stapletons of merripit house a retrospection chapter i mr sherlock holmes. james mortimer mrcs from his friends of the
Story 23 Summary: holmes drew a note from his pocket and read it aloud abbey grange arthur conan doyle. watson that you have some power of selection which atones for much which i deplore in your narratives your fatal habit of looking at everything from the point of view of a story instead of as a scientific exercise has ruined what might have been an instructive and even classical series of demonstration
Story 24 Summary: sherlock holmes is a husbands cruelty to his wife. holmes is a husbands cruelty to his wife. holmes is a teddy bearer and a teddy bearer. holmes is a teddy bearer and a teddy bearer.
Story 25 Summary: mr sherlock holmess asked his leave to reveal the following narrative so it was that at last i obtained permission to put on record what was in some ways the supreme moment of my friends career both holmes and i had a weakness for the turkish bath. i have found him less reticent and more human than anywhere else on the upper floor of the northumberland avenue establishment there is an isolated corner where two
Story 26 Summary: lady frances carfax arthur conan doyle disappeared from a turkish cab in oxford street. sherlock holmes was reclining in a canebacked chair at the moment. holmes said the bath why the relaxing and expensive turkish rather than the invigorating homemade article. watson said holmes with a mischievous twinkle it belongs to the same elementary
Story 27 Summary: von bork was a huge man the secretary deep broad and tall with a slow heavy fashion of speech which had been his main asset in his political career. he was a huge man the secretary deep broad and tall with a slow heavy fashion of speech which had been his main asset in his political career. he remarked a more docile simple folk could not be imagined.
Story 28 Summary: the lions mane arthur conan doyle villa is situated on the southern slope of the downs commanding a great view of the channel. harold stackhursts well known coaching establishment the gables is a large place which contains some score of young fellows preparing for various professions. harold stackhurst was a well known rowing blue in his day and an excellent allround scholar. stackhurst was a well
Story 29 Summary: john h watson m d the adventure of wisteria lodge table of contents the singular experience of mr john scott eccles the tiger of san pedro chapter i the singular experience of mr john scott eccles the tiger of san pedro chapter i the singular experience of mr john scott
Story 30 Summary: dr watson looked round him at the scientific charts upon the wall the acidcharred bench of chemicals the violincase leaning in the corner the coalscuttle which contained old the pipes and tobacco finally his eyes came round to the fresh and smiling face of billy the young but very wise and tactful page. billy looked with some solicitude at the closed door of the bedroom i think hes in bed and asleep he said it
Story 31 Summary: sherlock holmes arthur conan doyle memoirs of sherlock holmes arthur conan doyle table of contents silver blaze the yellow face the gloria scott the musgrave ritual the reigate squires the crooked man the resident patient the greek interpreter the naval treaty the final problem silver blaze. i am afraid watson that i
Story 32 Summary: cyril overton of trinity college cambridge announced the arrival of an enormous young man sixteen stone of solid bone and muscle. the card of mr cyril overton of trinity college cambridge announced the arrival of an enormous young man who spanned the doorway with his broad shoulders and looked from one of us to the other with a comely face which was haggard with anxiety mr she
Story 33 Summary: sherlock holmes was one of the most untidy men that ever drove a fellowlodger to distraction. the musgrave ritual arthur conan doyle was one of the most untidy men that ever drove a fellowlodger to distraction. holmes had a horror of destroying documents especially those connected with his past cases. he had a horror of destroying documents
Story 34 Summary: the adventures of sherlock holmes arthur conan doyle table of contents a scandal in bohemia the redheaded league a case of identity the boscombe valley mystery the five orange pips the man with the twisted lip the adventure of the blue carbuncle the adventure of the engineers. the adventure of the copper beeches a scandal in bohemia table of contents chapter number chapter number chapter number chapter i to she
Story 35 Summary: sherlock holmes was associated with the naval treaty arthur conan doyle the july which immediately succeeded my marriage was made memorable by three cases of interest. the adventure of the second stain the adventure of the naval treaty and the adventure of the tired captain the first of these however deals with interest of such importance and implicates so many of the first families in the kingdom that for many years it will be impossible to make it public no case however in
Story 36 Summary: the adventure of the noble bachelor arthur conan doyle the lord st simon marriage and its curious termination have long ceased to be a subject of interest in those exalted circles in which the unfortunate bridegroom moves fresh scandals have eclipsed it. i feel that no memoir of him would be complete without some little sketch of this remarkable episode. as my friend sherlock holmes had a considerable share in clearing the
Story 37 Summary: arthur conan doyle said mr sherlock holmes london has become a singularly uninteresting city since the death of the late lamented professor moriarty. he said mr sherlock holmes london has become a singularly uninteresting city since the death of the late lamented professor moriarty.
Story 38 Summary: arthur conan doyle's first appearance at baker street was thorneycroft huxtable ma phd. holmes hurried with a cushion for his head and i with brandy for his lips the loose mouth drooped dolorously at the corners the rolling chins were unshaven collar and shirt bore the grime of a long journey. he has certainly been an early
Story 39 Summary: sherlock holmes arranged an affair for a lodger of mine last year. the landlady had the pertinacity and also the cunning of her sex she held her ground firmly. holmes was accessible upon the side of flattery and also to do him justice upon the side of kindliness the two forces made him lay down his gumbrush with a sigh of resignation.
Story 40 Summary: arthur conan doyle remarked that for strange effects and extraordinary combinations we must go to life itself which is always far more daring than any effort of the imagination. jabez wilson here has been good enough to call upon me this morning and to begin a narrative which promises to be one of the most singular which i have listened to for some time.
Story 41 Summary: arthur conan doyle found holmes a prey to the blackest depression even the knowledge that he had succeeded where the police of three countries had failed and that he had outmanoeuvred at every point the most accomplished swindler in europe was insufficient to rouse him from his nervous prostration three days later we were back in baker street together. mr conan doyle found holmes lying ill
Story 42 Summary: arthur conan doyle has been struck by the difficulty which he has experienced in picking out a few of the mental peculiarities of her friend mr sherlock holmes. holmes has performed some tour de force of analytical reasoning and has demonstrated the value of his peculiar methods of investigation the facts themselves have often been so slight or so commonplace that he could not feel justified in laying them before the public on the other hand.
Story 43 Summary: arthur conan doyle sherlock holmes was in a melancholy and philosophic mood that morning. he asked you mean the old fellow who has just gone out precisely yes he met him at the door what did you think of him a pathetic futile broken creature exactly watson pathetic and futile is not his story a microcosm of the whole we reach we grasp. josiah amberley
Story 44 Summary: sherlock holmes arthur conan doyle has returned to london for the first time since his disappearance. holmes was convicted of murdering ronald adair under most unusual and inexplicable circumstances. the crime was of interest in itself and the fashionable world dismayed by the murder of ronald adair under most unusual and inexplicable circumstances.
Story 45 Summary: beryl coronet arthur conan doyle holmes was a man of about fifty tall portly and imposing with a massive strongly marked face. he was dressed in black frockcoat shining hat neat brown gaiters and wellcut pearlgrey trousers but his actions were in absurd contrast to the dignity of his dress. he was running hard with occasional little springs such as a weary man gives who is little
Story 46 Summary: arthur conan doyle table of contents chapter number chapter number chapter number chapter number chapter i to sherlock holmes. holmes who loathed every form of society with his whole bohemian soul remained in our lodgings in baker street buried among his old books and alternating from week to week between cocaine and ambition the drowsiness of the drug and the fierce energy of his own keen nature. hol
Story 47 Summary: the adventure of the second stain arthur conan doyle i had intended the adventure of the abbey grange to be the last of those exploits of my friend mr sherlock holmes. the real reason lay in the reluctance which mr holmes has shown to the continued publication of his experiences so long as he was in actual professional practice the records of his successes were of some practical value to him
Story 48 Summary: arthur conan doyle sherlock holmes had been bending for a long time over a lowpower microscope now he straightened himself up and looked round at me in triumph it is glue watson said he unquestionably it is glue have a look at these scattered objects in the field. he said laughing i am prepared to take your word for it does anything depend upon it it is a very fine demonstration.
Story 49 Summary: arthur conan doyle table of contents the science of deduction the statement of the case in quest of a solution the story of the baldheaded man the tragedy of pondicherry lodge sherlock holmes gives a demonstration the episode of the barrel the baker street irregulars a break in the chain the end of the islander the great agra treasure the strange story of jonathan small chapter i the science of deduction sher
Story 50 Summary: arthur conan doyle i am afraid i will have to go said holmes as we sat down together to our breakfast one morning go where to to dartmoor to kings pyland. i was not surprised indeed my only wonder was that he had not already been mixed up in this extraordinary case which was the one topic of conversation through the length and breadth of england for a whole day my companion had
Story 51 Summary: sherlock holmes was always ready to listen with attention to the details of any case on which the detective was engaged. lestrade had spoken of the weather and the newspapers then he had fallen silent puffing thoughtfully at his cigar. he asked oh no mr holmes anything very particular then tell me about it lestrade laughed well. he hesitated to bother you about it on the other hand.
Story 52 Summary: arthur conan doyle was a solitary cyclist from the years number number number to number number number number inclusive mr sherlock holmes. he was consulted during those eight years and there were hundreds of private cases some of them of the most intricate and extraordinary character in which he played a prominent part. he will now lay before the reader the facts connected with miss violet smith the solitary cyclist of charl
Story 53 Summary: sherlock holmes was a late riser as a rule and as the clock on the mantelpiece showed me that it was only a quarterpast seven he blinked up at him in some surprise and perhaps just a little resentment for. a young lady has arrived in a considerable state of excitement who insists upon seeing me she is waiting now in the sittingroom now when young ladies wander about the metropolis at this
Story 54 Summary: arthur conan doyle bought a connection in the paddington district old mr farquhar from whom he bought it. his age and an affliction of the nature of st vituss dance from which he suffered had very much thinned it the public not unnaturally goes on the principle that he who would heal others must himself be whole and looks askance at the curative powers of the man whose
Story 55 Summary: arthur conan doyle table of contents part i mr sherlock holmes the science of deduction the lauriston garden mystery what john rance had to tell our advertisement brings a visitor tobias gregson shows what he can do light in the darkness part ii on the great alkali plain the flower of utah john ferrier talks with the prophet a flight for life the avenging
Story 56 Summary: i have never known my friend to be in better form both mental and physical than in the year number number his increasing fame had brought with it an immense practice. i have seldom known him claim any large reward for his inestimable services so unworldly was heor so capriciousthat he frequently refused his help to the powerful and wealthy. the problem made no appeal to his sympathies while he would devote weeks of most intense application to the
Story 57 Summary: sussex vampire arthur conan doyle holmes had read carefully a note which the last post had brought him then with the dry chuckle. he tossed it over to me for a mixture of the modern and the mediaeval of the practical and of the wildly fanciful. he read as follows number number old jewry nov number number th re vampires sir our client mr
Story 58 Summary: isadora persano the well known journalist and duellist who was found staring mad with a match box in front of him. a third case worthy of note is that of mr james phillimore who stepped back into his own house to get his umbrella was never more seen in this world no less remarkable is that of the cutter alicia which sailed one spring morning into a small patch of mist
Story 59 Summary: the man with the twisted lip arthur conan doyle isa whitney brother of the late elias whitney dd principal of the theological college of st georges was much addicted to opium the habit grew upon him. he had read de quinceys description of his dreams and sensations he had drenched his tobacco with laudanum in an attempt to produce the same
Story 60 Summary: the valley of fear the darkest hour danger the trapping of birdy edwards epilogue part ii the warning sherlock holmes remarked impatiently. i believe that i am one of the most longsuffering of mortals but ill admit that i was annoyed at the sardonic interruption really holmes said i severely you are a little trying at times he was too much
Story 61 Summary: mr sherlock holmes was in active practice for twenty three years. he was allowed to cooperate with holmes and keep notes of his doings. mrs merrilow of south brixton said her friend with a wave of the hand mr holmes was seated in a smokeladen atmosphere with an elderly motherly woman in front of him. mrs merrilow of south
Story 62 Summary: the adventure of wisteria lodge arthur conan doyle table of contents the singular experience of mr john scott eccles the tiger of san pedro chapter i. the adventure of wisteria lodge arthur conan doyle table of contents the singular experience of mr john scott eccles the tiger of san pedro
Story 63 Summary: sherlock holmes was a man who rarely took exercise for exercises sake. he looked upon aimless bodily exertion as a waste of energy. he was absolutely untiring and indefatigable that he should have kept himself in training under such circumstances is remarkable. his diet was usually of the sparest and his habits were simple to the verge of austerity save for the occasional use of cocaine.
Story 64 Summary: arthur conan doyle is a british soldier and biographer. he is a confederate who foresees your conclusions and course of action is always dangerous but one to whom each development comes as a perpetual surprise. watson has some remarkable characteristics of his own to which in his modesty he has given small attention.
Story 65 Summary: sherlock holmes laughed only one of those whimsical little incidents which will happen when you have four million human beings all jostling each other within the space of a few square miles amid the action and reaction of so dense a swarm of humanity. i have no doubt that this small matter will fall into the same innocent category you know peterson. i have no doubt that this small matter will fall into the same innocent category you know peterson
Story 66 Summary: arthur conan doyle was seated at breakfast one morning when the maid brought in a telegram it was from sherlock holmes and ran in this way. sherlock holmes was pacing up and down the platform his tall gaunt figure made even gaunter and taller by his long grey travellingcloak and closefitting cloth cap it is really very good of you to come watson said he it makes
